README.md, before:

## PROJECT NAME
A simple web application that will help to double productivity for small scale food producers in our community.

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/5857cc5891c044759e56cdbc214fa97b)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/BuildForSDG/Team-222-SDG2-P1?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=BuildForSDG/Team-222-SDG2-P1&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Settings)


## About

<!-- What is this project about. Ok to enrich here or the section above it with an image. -->
This project is aim at developing an innovative solution so that farmers in Africa can find it easy to get investment, obtain a loan or insure their farms, establish a close relationship  between investor, insurance companies and local farmers inorder to double farm producers in Africa. 

Once this repo has been setup on Codacy by the TTL, replace the above badge with the actual one from the Codacy dashboard, and add the code coverage badge as well. This is mandatory

This is a simple JavaScript starter repo template for setting up your project. The setup contains

-   Jest: For runnung tests. We strongly recommend that JavaScript projects use Jest

-   Eslint & Prettier: For formatting code to match ESlint AirBnB coding standard. You might need to install the ESlint and Prettier plugins for your code editor to make the most of these utilities

## Why

Over the years, farmers in Africa find it difficult to get investment, obtain a loan or insure their farm. Africa now has an increase in demand for farm produce. Without a good investment or loan, farmers find it difficult to scale up their farms. Hence, increasing the rate of hunger in the continent.

With our innovative solution, we are looking forward to eliminating hunger in Africa by providing a platform where:
-   Farmers can easily get investment, loan. With these, the farmer will be able to scale up his farm in order to meet up with demand.

-   Farmers can be insured in case of an accident.

-   Investors can easily get to farmers, we believe working directly with the farmer will build trust.

-   Insurance companies can easily meet with local farmers.

## Usage
 How would someone use what you have built, include URLs to the deployed app, service e.t.c when you have it setup


## Setup

Install `npm` or `yarn` if you dont have any of them already installed. We recommend Yarn though.

After clonning the repo to your local machine and moving into the cloned folder, Run `yarn install` to get started by installing dependencies. 

`src/index.js` is the entry to the project and source code should go into the `src` folder.

All tests should be written in the `__tests__' folder. There's a sample in there.

This starter uses [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/getting_started.html) as the bundler. It is much simpler that WebPack and the others

## Deployment 

- run `npm run deploy`. This command will first run `npm run build` build files using `parcel` and store it in `build` folder.
After this the command will create automatically new branch `gh-pages` to your github repository and push `build` folder inside.

-  create a secret in your github account and name it `MY_TOKEN`  you can put whatever you want as a secret and github will automatically encrypt it. Github will use it to trigger action that is defined in the workflow.

-  run 'git push' to push your code into your github repository and this will launch the trigger and deploy it to github pages of the project.

#### Hints

-   Run `npm install` or `yarn install` to get started.
-   Install additional dependencies: `yarn add <dependency-name> [-D]` or `npm install <dependency-name>`
-   Run tests: `yarn test` or `npm run test`
-   Run tests with test coverage info: `yarn test:cover` or `npm run test:cover`
-   Check the codebase for proper syntax and formatting compliance: `yarn lint` or `npm run lint`
-   Run your app in local dev mode: `yarn start` or `npm run start`. This puts the bundled app in a `dist` folder, set up a local web server at localhost:1234, and continues to watch for your code changes which it syncs with the local server. This means if you loaded the app in a browser, it will auto-refresh as you code along. Feel free to use whatever bundler best meets your needs. Parcel was only added as a sample and for those looking for a simple but effective solution to the hassle of bundlers. 

## Authors

We would like to acknowledge the work/contributions of the following team 222 members:
1.  [Cyprian Nziim](https://github.com/cyprian-nziim) (_TTL_)
2.  [Kraulain](https://github.com/kraulain) (_Lead Engineer_)
3.  [Ayeah Godlove](https://github.com/ayeahgodlove)
4.  [Kofi Mokome](https://github.com/kofimokome)
5.  [Honore Zemagho](https://github.com/honorezemagho)

## Acknowledgements

Did you use someone else’s code?
Do you want to thank someone explicitly?
Did someone’s blog post spark off a wonderful idea or give you a solution to nagging problem?

It's powerful to always give credit.

## LICENSE
MIT

Commit message:

Improving documentation for github pages auto-deploy and added doc for firebase config on the project

README.md, after:

## PROJECT NAME
A simple web application that will help to double productivity for small scale food producers in our community.

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/5857cc5891c044759e56cdbc214fa97b)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/BuildForSDG/Team-222-SDG2-P1?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=BuildForSDG/Team-222-SDG2-P1&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Settings)


## About

<!-- What is this project about. Ok to enrich here or the section above it with an image. -->
This project is aim at developing an innovative solution so that farmers in Africa can find it easy to get investment, obtain a loan or insure their farms, establish a close relationship  between investor, insurance companies and local farmers inorder to double farm producers in Africa. 

Once this repo has been setup on Codacy by the TTL, replace the above badge with the actual one from the Codacy dashboard, and add the code coverage badge as well. This is mandatory

This is a simple JavaScript starter repo template for setting up your project. The setup contains

-   Jest: For runnung tests. We strongly recommend that JavaScript projects use Jest

-   Eslint & Prettier: For formatting code to match ESlint AirBnB coding standard. You might need to install the ESlint and Prettier plugins for your code editor to make the most of these utilities

## Why

Over the years, farmers in Africa find it difficult to get investment, obtain a loan or insure their farm. Africa now has an increase in demand for farm produce. Without a good investment or loan, farmers find it difficult to scale up their farms. Hence, increasing the rate of hunger in the continent.

With our innovative solution, we are looking forward to eliminating hunger in Africa by providing a platform where:
-   Farmers can easily get investment, loan. With these, the farmer will be able to scale up his farm in order to meet up with demand.

-   Farmers can be insured in case of an accident.

-   Investors can easily get to farmers, we believe working directly with the farmer will build trust.

-   Insurance companies can easily meet with local farmers.

## Usage
 How would someone use what you have built, include URLs to the deployed app, service e.t.c when you have it setup


## Setup

Install `npm` or `yarn` if you dont have any of them already installed. We recommend Yarn though.

After clonning the repo to your local machine and moving into the cloned folder, Run `yarn install` to get started by installing dependencies. 

`src/index.js` is the entry to the project and source code should go into the `src` folder.

All tests should be written in the `__tests__' folder. There's a sample in there.

This starter uses [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/getting_started.html) as the bundler. It is much simpler that WebPack and the others


## Firebase

Replace in  `init.js` file your firebase config. [Firebase Setup Url](https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/web/start).
Steps :
- Create a New project in your firebase
- Create a new Database in your project
- Return to your project dashboard and click  `Add a new App` and choose Web, The icon with `</>`  to create a new app
- After entering the name of the app and validate, you'll receive configs parameters and then copy and modifiy all parameters `init.js` file.



After clonning the repo to your local machine and moving into the cloned folder, Run `yarn install` to get started by installing dependencies. 

`src/index.js` is the entry to the project and source code should go into the `src` folder.

All tests should be written in the `__tests__' folder. There's a sample in there.

This starter uses [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/getting_started.html) as the bundler. It is much simpler that WebPack and the others



## Deployment 

- run `npm run deploy`. This command will first run `npm run build` build files using `parcel` and store it in `build` folder.
After this the command will create automatically new branch `gh-pages` to your github repository and push `build` folder inside.

-  create a secret in your github account and name it `MY_TOKEN`  you can put whatever you want as a secret and github will automatically encrypt it. Github will use it to trigger action that is defined in the workflow.

-  run 'git push' to push your code into your github repository and this will launch the trigger and deploy it to github pages of the project.

#### Hints

-   Run `npm install` or `yarn install` to get started.
-   Install additional dependencies: `yarn add <dependency-name> [-D]` or `npm install <dependency-name>`
-   Run tests: `yarn test` or `npm run test`
-   Run tests with test coverage info: `yarn test:cover` or `npm run test:cover`
-   Check the codebase for proper syntax and formatting compliance: `yarn lint` or `npm run lint`
-   Run your app in local dev mode: `yarn start` or `npm run start`. This puts the bundled app in a `dist` folder, set up a local web server at localhost:1234, and continues to watch for your code changes which it syncs with the local server. This means if you loaded the app in a browser, it will auto-refresh as you code along. Feel free to use whatever bundler best meets your needs. Parcel was only added as a sample and for those looking for a simple but effective solution to the hassle of bundlers. 

## Authors

We would like to acknowledge the work/contributions of the following team 222 members:
1.  [Cyprian Nziim](https://github.com/cyprian-nziim) (_TTL_)
2.  [Kraulain](https://github.com/kraulain) (_Lead Engineer_)
3.  [Ayeah Godlove](https://github.com/ayeahgodlove)
4.  [Kofi Mokome](https://github.com/kofimokome)
5.  [Honore Zemagho](https://github.com/honorezemagho)

## Acknowledgements

Did you use someone else’s code?
Do you want to thank someone explicitly?
Did someone’s blog post spark off a wonderful idea or give you a solution to nagging problem?

It's powerful to always give credit.

## LICENSE
MIT
